update readme to include Live EOL dates (#22)
twilio/twilio-live-interactive-audio: README.md

# Twilio Live Interactive Audio

> :warning: We are no longer allowing new customers to onboard to Twilio Live. Effective November 30, 2023, Twilio Live will End of Life. If you are an existing Live customers, we have created this [Migration Guide](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/10623861544987-Twilio-Live-Migration-Guide) to help you identify an alternative solution for your use case.
> 
> ## What is it

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:warning: We are no longer allowing new customers to onboard to Twilio Live. Effective November 30, 2023, Twilio Live will End of Life. If you are an existing Live customers, we have created this [Migration Guide](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/10623861544987-Twilio-Live-Migration-Guide) to help you identify an alternative solution for your use case.

## What is Twilio Live Interactive Audio?

```
